---
title:  "Mentor"
subtitle: "Or Mentee?"
author: "Simon Ha"
avatar: "img/authors/typing.png"
image: "img/TU20.jpg"
date:   2019-03-24 20:30:00
---

### Tech Under 20 Expo
The TU20 Expo is a competition held annually aiming to inspire and innovate the Halton Region.  

The competition itself is a 3-day event of presenting a product which we have spent the preceding months to develop.  The goal of the competition is to challenge young minds in the area to create and develop a solution to a pressing problem negatively impacting Halton youth.  More precisely, we are tasked to come up with a solution to any problem in the OCF (2018) Youth report.  

### Our Task
The problem we chose to tackle was that the number of NEET (Not in Education, Employment or Training) youth was steadily increasing to an overall number (at the time) of 2,500.  We surveyed the high schools in the area and found that many of the students felt there were three main factors in why it was so hard to find a job or seek higher education.  They felt that 

1) They lacked the general skillset and felt that they could not compete with other applicants for jobs.  

2) They lacked resources to try and build their skillset, and many did not "know where to start".  

3) They did not have enough of a network that could help them professionally.

### The Idea
Our project, which we deemed "Menti" was a website aiming to bridge the gap between aspiring students of any discipline and mentors in the respective field.  Much like apprenticeship-type programs that large companies now provide, we wanted to give students in high school a head start by matching them with a mentor employed (or having the skills) in that field.  

The website allowed both students and mentors to create an account, each having an "About me" section so other users can view their profile to see what they are all about.  Each user has a dashboard customized per user; for example if the user was a mentor, there would be a list of current students, accompanied with a log of past meetings and action items for the next meeting.

### Competition Day
As the only team of 2 amongst 30 other teams of 3-5, we were ready to present our product.  We worked relentlessly for the preceding 3 months, practiced the demo and our presentation of it over and over.  We presented it to 2 of the panel judges, which would give us a score in our group.  Following the presentation, we were subject to a technical interview, where a knowledgeable interviewer asked us about what technologies we were using, the scalabiilty and viability of the product.  The 2 groups with highest score would move on and present the product in front of all panel judges and the other competitors.

After what felt like a patented grilling in the first presentation and satisfactory technical interview, we surprisingly finished first in our group.  Then, after the main presentation we patiently waited for the judges to make their decision.  When the judges came back out, they announced that we finished 3rd place, far exceeding our expectations and it made all the hard work we put into the project worth it.  In the end, we decided not to continue the venture as we were busy with school but the experience we gained from that competition is priceless.