---
title:  "About Me"
subtitle: ""
author: "Simon Ha"
avatar: "img/authors/typing.png"
image: "img/smaller-library.jpg"
date:   20-10-09 9:00:00
---

## Background
I'm currently a 3rd year computer science student studying at University of Toronto.  

I specialize in the comprehensive stream, bridging the gap between data sciences and standard software engineering; fusing my love of solving problems and creating solutions through mathematical analysis.  

**When I'm not coding**, I'm probably reading, cooking or trying to climb in League of Legends (Peaked top 5.5% in North America).

## Skills
**Languages**: Java, C/C++, Python, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript  
**Frameworks/APIs**: Spring, Spring-Boot, Hibernate, J2EE, REST, Swagger, WSO2, Vaadin  
**Databases**: Oracle, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Sybase, Neo4j  
**Tools**: Git, Jira, Jenkins, Eclipse, Maven, SonarQube, JMeter, Android Studio, Kubernetes  

## School Projects
**CSCB07 - 2nd year Intro to Software Engineering**  
Created Inventory Management system using Java for both front-end (in Android Studio) and back-end.  The application can run on any Android devices after Kit-Kat and also on the CLI.  This project was built over the course of 4 weeks and was meant to introduce Agile methodologies and the experience of building a product with a team.  See more on the "Dollar Store" post.  <!-- Make a linky link -->

**CSCC01 - 3rd Year Software Engineering**  
Developed a full project for the up-and-coming start-up U Impactify.  It is a web-application to facilitate E-learning for socially marginalized groups.  The project was built over 4 months using Spring/Hibernate for the back-end and React/Node for the front-end.  More can be found on the "U Impactify" post. <!-- Make a linky link --> 

## Experience
**DayStar Limited**  
Software Developer: ESB Integration & Insurance portals  
May - Aug 2020

**Genworth Financial Canada**  
Junior Developer: Insurance portal revamp, scheduling & APIs  
May - Aug 2019



<u><a href="/about-me/Simon_Ha_Resume.pdf" target="_blank">View My Resume</a></u> :point_left:
